Copyright 2008-2012 by LWsystems GmbH & Co. KG
http://www.lw-systems.de/

All rights reserved.


The software Benno MailArchiv 2.x consists of the software packages

    benno-core
    benno-archive
    benno-rest
    benno-web

The source code of the software packages "benno-core" and "benno-archive" are 
under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License version 3 (GNU AGPL v3)
as published by the Free Software Foundation.
(http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html)

The PHP-code of the "benno-web" package is made available under the terms of
the GNU Affero General Public License version 3 (GNU AGPL v3) as published by
the Free Software Foundation. All other stuff from the package (e.g. the
digital content, CSS-files, HTML-code, HTML-templates, the JavaScript source
code needed to access the Benno MailArchiv software using a variety of web
browsers is licensed under the Creative Commons License,
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 unported.
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/legalcode)

IMPORTANT: The definition of 'Noncommercial' is still being debated and defined
within the Creative Commons community. LWsystems interprets Noncommercial to
mean all INTERNAL individual, not-for-profit and for-profit use. EXTERNAL
individual, not-for-profit and for-profit use such a resale, rent and lease as
well as inclusion of the digital content in an advertising model is considered
COMMERCIAL use and prohibited under our interpretation of the license. We view
the performance of professional services as a NONCOMMERCIAL INTERNAL use of the
digital content and it is allowed.

The "benno-rest" package is only provided as a binary package and is subject to
a license agreement between you and LWsystems.

Binary versions of the packages provided by LWsystems to you as well as other
copyrighted, protected or trademarked materials like logos, graphics, fonts,
specific documentations and configurations, cryptographic keys etc. are subject
to a license agreement between you and LWsystems.

In the case you use the software under the terms of the GNU AGPL v3, the
program is provided in the hope hat it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You can find a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License at this URI:
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html If not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA


Trademarks

LWsystems is a trademark of LWsystems GmbH & Co. KG. All other brand and
product names are or may be trademarks of, and are used to identify products or
services of, their respective owners.
